## Webbsite-Shashank K2
Welcome To My Second Website




### FOUR Words

You Are Reading This. :-P

```markdown

## Few Words
As I mentioned this is my second website. First one was itself named 'My First Website'. The source code was copied from my 8th standard computer book, no wonder. We were studying HTML(HyperText Markup Language), so you can consider that the first website was not an original but 'this' webiste can also be considered as " My First Original Website" and now it has its own pretty web address, which paved a path for this website to be a chatting website or a blog someday...For that I'll have to use JavaScript...
 
 Until then, Stay Safe Stay Happy! Ta Da...  (❁´◡`❁)
 
 
 ## Progtammer's Corner
 
Yo Programmers! This section provide details of the website-

1. This website is programmed with only HTML coding. Therefore, we can say that is Purely Programmed HTML Website.
2. The web address is generated by the **Github Pages**.
3. Furthermore elaborating, no tool of CSS(Cascading Style Sheet) or JavaScript is used.
4. The theme of this website i.e **Architect** is applied with the help of **Github Pages** and belongs to **Github**.

## Ending Words

I would like to thank **Adolescent Aunt**, currently known as **DisDis**, for informing me about the Github pages.

This is for now, we(I) will be updating the website.
Thank You for giving your precious time to this. Farewell!   ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Any rectifying or other information (eg- spelling error etc.) will be kindly accepted.



Discord Username- 『WhiteFang』#2700
